King Romos: Princess Leona
is calling for a world summit.
My presence has been
requested in Papnica.
World summit?
King Romos: That's right.
She's gathering the kings and
queens and leaders of humanity
to strategize for a battle
against the Dark Army.
So that's her plan.
The kingdoms have made almost
no effort at working together
and the enemy has
exploited this weakness.
As a result, Orzam, Ringaia, and
Carl have all been overtaken.
But, with the call
of Princess Leona,
the remaining kingdoms have
decided to collaborate
and form a joint strategy
to face the Dark Army as one-
an act that we realize
should have been done sooner
to avoid our current mess.
Amazing!
I'll say. That's huge!
She's doing what she set
out to do. That's Leona.
An excellent idea.
When will it be, your highness?
King Romos:
Three days from now,
and it'll take that long
to get all the way there.
I was planning to leave this
evening, but Dai, my boy...
King Romos: Would
you care to join me?
Listen; people from all
of the world's kingdoms
are going to be attending.
What if someone there knows
about another legendary weapon?
That's true!
Your Majesty, we'll leave
for Papnica right away
using Popp's Zoom spell.
Very well, then.
Alrighty...
Larba: Wait a minute.
Thank you.
Without your help, none
of us would have made it.
Larba: You're a
true Hero indeed.
[chattering]
Baloria: We'll start training
for this upcoming showdown
with the Dark Army.
Chiu [thought]: What gives?!
Even after my amazing
performance out there...
You jerks! I was part of
that battle, too, y'know!
Brokeena: Stop it!
Why, you...
Brokeena: Enough. You're
making a fool of yourself.
How dare you-
y-you stupid ghost!
I don't think
you have the right
to talk down to
someone like me!
Brokeena: Oh? Are you sure?
W-What?!
Maam: [chucking]
Can't you tell?
That "ghost" is
Master Brokeena.
What?!
Forgive me!
This old man is the
"Martial Arts" master?!
Brokeena the Holy Fist!
But, Master - why were
you in disguise?!
I just wanted to see
how the two of you
would do in
the tournament.
Both of them are really
students of the Holy Fist?
I didn't expect everything
to go the way it did,
but in the end I still got to
see the well-earned results
of Maam's training.
Chiu [thought]:
I'm gonna get in trouble...
Brokeena: The experience
was good for you as well,
wasn't it, Chiu?
It's been three
years of training.
Progress was slow
and your showing off
definitely didn't help,
so it might have taken
a bit longer than I'd like.
But it seems all you needed was
to be backed into a corner.
Your new move
is quite impressive.
I would actually say
that you've grown.
You think so?
Gomez: You're a
proper hero, too.
You've got real guts, friend-
more than we expected!
[laughing]
You guys...
That's just how it is, Chiu.
Fame may follow you
later on in life,
but you must never
seek it for yourself.
Grand Master!
[crying]
He's a good teacher.
Yeah.
Well, should we go?
Master, I'd really like to
travel with Miss Maam. May I?
Go ahead. But maybe ask
them for permission, first.
Chiu: I thank you
for everything!
Chiu: Hey!
Wait up, you three!
Maam: Chiu?
Chiu: If you insist,
I would be willing to help...
And, Zoom.
Huh?! Hey...
Wait for me!
Aw, Popp...
That was kinda mean.
Well, he hasn't exactly learned
to be humble, now has he?
Maybe. Still, he's an
interesting guy. I think.
Please, wait!
Just looking at him,
all of my worries
about being human or not
seem almost insignificant.
He's a good
example to live by.
I s'pose... it might be nice to
bring someone like him along.
Chiu: C'mon, please!
Let me join your party!
Zaboera: Mystvearn...
How did you find this place?!
Mystvearn: I thought you
might be hiding out here...
Quite close to
the Field of Death.
Where is Hadlar?
Well, he's, ah...
Mystvearn: Where is he?
Hadlar: Zaboera, let him in.
But Lord Hadlar...
Hadlar: It matters not.
I need to speak to him.
Quite pathetic,
wouldn't you say?
A Darkling like me
defeated so quickly-
his last chance at finally
defeating the little Hero, Dai.
You, Mystvearn,
you are our King's most
trusted vassal and warrior.
I'm aware that while
you might serve under me,
you still wield the greater
authority within the Dark Army.
Hadlar: If you wish to inform
King Vearn of my defeat,
so be it.
But, still. I may have no
right, but I request a favor.
During my Superior
Being Transformation,
I need you to go
fight in my place.
The process is
almost complete.
However, my spies tell me the
humans are up to something big.
I've learned that leaders
from the remaining kingdoms
are quietly
gathering in Papnica.
Mystvearn: And you want
me to destroy them?
To buy you time?
Mystvearn: Will that
serve King Vearn?
I know of Zamza's defeat.
Mystvearn: The Superior Beings
are an ongoing experiment.
They cannot wield magic.
Your concerns have
already been addressed
in this latest iteration.
In our previous attempts, all
magical power was lost in the
transformation from Darkling to
Superior Being, yes? But now...
Now we have finally
done away with
the transformation altogether.
Mystvearn: What?
Hadlar, you're saying that you
will abandon your Darkling body
to permanently become
one of these monsters?
Indeed.
Mystvearn: You'll
lose your immortality.
You understand that?
The Disciples of Avan
are enemies worthy
of that sacrifice.
I have come to realize
that truth over time.
I no longer desire status
or honor or even this life.
I want nothing
but to defeat them,
no matter what it may cost,
or my life will mean nothing.
Mystvearn: Very well.
Mystvearn: Hadlar, despite
having your powerful body
and it's abilities, the reason
the Disciples of Avan continued
to beat you was your pride
and your lack of will.
But since you have
cast those aside...
And having overcome your
greatest weaknesses,
you shall become
the fiercest warrior.
King Vearn will be pleased.
Leave Papnica to me.
Thank you.
But can Mystvearn
really be trusted?
We have no other options.
I need time more
than anything else.
If I am to be given
one final chance,
I will take it from
whoever gives it.
Woah! What a
lovely country, huh?
Crocodine: Hey...
[surprised breaths]
Crocodine: You're back!
[terrified scream]
Chiu [thought]: Wh-what is
this horrifying creature?!
Crocodine!
[delighted laugh]
Hello, Maam.
We got word.
Your skills have improved.
It seems we may have a
new Beast King on our side.
I don't think many women would
like being compared to a beast.
But I know what you mean.
[chuckling]
Sorry, sorry.
Who is this new friend?
Oh, his name is Chiu.
He's a fellow student.
Are you sure this little rat
is up to joining our party?
He doesn't seem very tough.
Chiu [thought]: Where did
Miss Maam meet all these guys?
Now, now, Crocodine. He actually
helped us out quite a bit.
Chiu [thought]: Look at them.
She's not very discerning.
So, uh, where's the
princess and everyone?
Ah, the world summit...
It's over there.
The Papnica Grand Chapel.
They're gathering inside.
Killvearn: How surprisingly
considerate of Myst
to show such
leniency with Hadlar.
You said it!
Killvearn: But, if he's
holding the Key of Vearn,
it means that
the king is aware
and allowing the
attack to go ahead...
Very curious, indeed.
You guys, welcome back!
Oh, and Maam!
Maam: Leona!
I see you've gotten
stronger. I'm impressed.
Well, I'm even
more impressed.
It's amazing - uniting all the
leaders from around the world?!
Well, sadly, it
won't be everyone.
We've still heard very little
from the fallen kingdoms.
From Ringaia, General Bowson is
the only one able to attend.
We couldn't find anyone
to represent Orzam.
And plenty are still missing.
Queen Flora from the
Carl Kingdom among them.
Don't worry.
She's well known for being
a bold and courageous woman.
I know she's fine.
Someone bolder
than the Princess?
She must be even
tougher than Dai.
Hey, I heard that, dummy.
Popp: Did I say it out loud?
Leona: No, I'm
reading your mind.
Do you think anyone
who came might know
something about
Legendary weapons?
Apollo: Well, maybe...
Ask King Volken of Teran.
He's well-known
for his knowledge.
A blade stronger than
the Sword of Champions...
It's unlikely.
The metal, Orichalcum, that
was used to forge that sword,
was created by
the gods ages ago.
You see, only a small
amount was given to humans
and made into
legendary equipment.
But - the Demon
Dragon Blade...
It's said the gods
forged that blade.
It is not a sword that
was created by human hands.
I see.
But there must be
other powerful swords?
Summon Merle.
Dai: Huh? Merle's in Papnica?!
[chuckling]
Merle [thought]: I get to help
Popp and the others already.
Merle: So Dai, first
visualize the object you seek.
Then when I tell you,
drop that flame.
And now.
Merle: La...
n... kir... ks...
What does that mean?
Lankirks Village.
It's a small village that
lies to the east of the Teran
and Bengarna Kingdoms.
Now are we supposed
to get there?
Maybe we can borrow
Leona's Balloon Ship?
Could a Zoom
spell get us close?
Popp: A Zoom spell
will get us straight there.
Huh?! Really?!
Popp? You've really
been to this place before?
Popp: I didn't
go there. I left it.
It's where I was born.
You mean it's your
home village?!
Your family runs
a weapon store...
That must be it!
Popp: The thing is, I
actually ran away from home
to be Master
Avan's student...
[frustrated sigh]
All: [pained groans]
What a terrible landing.
Don't blame me.
I'm carrying all you guys!
Maam: Sorry about him.
We're grateful
to have you here.
It's a relief to have someone
with so much knowledge with us.
Thanks. I really hope you're
right - I want to be helpful.
Popp: This way.
Merle [thought]:
Thank goodness.
She's nothing like
that imposter we met.
She's kind and warm.
I can see why Popp likes her.
Seems like a nice
place, doesn't it?
It's a tiny village.
Nothing's really changed.
Popp: The shop's up ahead.
I'll be waiting right here.
You aren't coming with us?
Popp: If my Dad
sees me, it'll be bad.
Hey - does that lady
work in the weapon shop?
Popp: Huh?!
M-Mom!
P-Popp?
Is it really you?!
Huh? Uh...
It's my boy!
Mom!
Stein: Oh, Popp!
Mom, I'm sorry!
-Popp: I'm so sorry!
-Stein: It's okay, Popp.
That's nice.
Looks like he must be really
close with his family.
Popp: Dad?!
Honey, look who made
his way back home!
Hey, son.
Hi, Dad.
Jank: You run off without
a word for over a year!
You think you can just waltz
back like nothing's happened?!
You ungrateful brat!
[shrieking]
Stein: Honey, stop!
Mister, calm down!
-[screaming]
-[angry yelling]
Jank: Apologies.
We don't normally get
visitors in our small village.
I can't believe my
idiot son is actually helping
the legendary Hero
on his quest.
He's done more than just help.
We trained together.
I really don't know where
I'd be without him.
He's our most
reliable friend!
Oh?
So, uh... mister,
what we were asking about?
Right. You want
a legendary sword.
Well, you won't
find one in my shop.
But it's possible
there's something out at
my friend Lon's place.
Lon?
A Darkling that
I met recently.
Darkling - their name doesn't
happen to be Lon Beruk, does it?
Jank: Sure. So?
You know him?
Popp: Well, if I'm right...
Those Dark Armor weapons
that Hyunckel uses were made
ages ago by a guy with
the same name; Lon Beruk!
That means...
Popp: Yeah, he can help us!
Jank: Don't be so sure.
He lives in the woods
just outside of the village.
He's not interested
in meeting new people.
Lon: Go away.
[disappointed groans]
I no longer see the
point in crafting these
"legendary" weapons.
Much less a fool's
errand like attempting to
forge the world's
greatest sword.
Wait, but...
You see, Hero;
my interests lie solely in how
the weapons that I make
perform on the battlefield.
But recently, there's been
no one worthy of wielding them.
No matter how
powerful the weapon,
if the wielder
doesn't have the skill,
it's nothing but an ornament.
You see those
swords over there?
I forged them
to pay for my meals,
but they're better
than a normal blade.
Just take one and leave.
Dai: "Better than normal"
isn't enough.
Even your Dark Armour Blade
couldn't withstand
the Dragon Crest's power.
They turned to dust.
N-No...
Please, mister!
I need a weapon greater
than the Demon Dragon Blade.
Otherwise, we'll never be able
to defeat the Dark Lord Hadlar!
The Demon Dragon Blade?!
Lon: You fought
against that weapon?!
Go on! How did
the battle end?!
It was... a draw.
I managed to break the blade,
but mine completely
disintegrated.
So I guess I lost.
You broke...
You broke the Demon Dragon
Blade with a weapon I crafted?!
Dai: I did.
[cackling]
Wonderful! That's magnificent!
Hey, Lon, what's so funny?
How can I not be overjoyed?!
Didn't you know
the Demon Dragon Blade
was forged by the
gods themselves?
That sword is
the exact weapon
that I've spent over a century
of my life trying to replicate!
To hear one of
my own creations
that I forged out of an
inferior metal broke it?
You have impressed me, boy!
[delighted cackle]
With you as its wielder,
I can forge the
world's greatest sword.
I will need to craft it
from the same material,
but I'm almost certain it will
end up being the winning blade.
Okay, then. Let's start!
Lon: Calm down. I said,
"the same material."
Lon: The same as the
Demon Dragon Blade, Orichalcum.
Find it and I can
make the sword.
What?! I-
I'm not an alchemist, you know.
I still need
material to work with.
Then we're all the way
back at square one. Fantastic.
C'mon. All we need to do is
find some of this metal.
Yeah, sure.
Easier said than...
[realizing gasps]
Both: The Crown
of Champions!
King Romos said that it was
made of Orichalcum, didn't he?
To Dermline Island!
Dai: Grampa! Where?
Where is it?!
What's going on, Dai?
Dai: My Crown of Champions.
Well, it should be
somewhere in that pile.
Dai: Where?!
[frantic searching]
Dai: Wait! I found it.
You think that's
gonna be enough?
Let's go.
Dai: Bye, Grampa!
Popp: Excuse us.
Popp: Zoom!
Come clean up your mess!
Narrator: While the
Underworld's greatest craftsman
Lon Beruk forges
a sword for Dai,
Princess Leona's world
summit gets underway,
but the assembled leaders
struggle to see eye to eye.
Before long, an
ominous fog sweeps in,
and the thunderous footsteps
of the Dark Army follow...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Landing of
Sovereign Rock Castle".